add security policy (#822)
canonical/k8s-snap: security.md

# Security Policy

## Supported versions

> Support for fallows lifecycle mentioned in [Canonical Kubernetes release cycle](https://ubuntu.com/about/release-cycle#canonical-kubernetes-release-cycle).

Reviewer: This "Support for fallows" does not read right.

Author: ```suggestion
Support follows the lifecycle mentioned in [Canonical Kubernetes release cycle](https://ubuntu.com/about/release-cycle#canonical-kubernetes-release-cycle).
```
